Dr Katrina Groves: I start to go lives on Saturday. Oh.
Dr Katrina Groves: Saturday at
Dr Katrina Groves: 10 o'clock this first ones in induction follow up trash and Lulu.
Dr Katrina Groves: The second one is a
Patient. So let's start with Josh
Dr Katrina Groves: Good morning.
Josh's S10: Good morning. How you doing,
Dr Katrina Groves: I am. Wow. More importantly, how are you
I'm good.
Josh's S10: Oh, yeah.
Josh's S10: So far, so good. I wouldn't pick them up yesterday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, how come I took so long.
Josh's S10: My Ride.
Josh's S10: I couldn't get right over to the to the place to the next day. So when yesterday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Where are you living now.
Josh's S10: In Crescent City was going along.
Dr Katrina Groves: How far away from the pharmacy.
Josh's S10: Well, it's
Dr Katrina Groves: You got your wound vac you can
Josh's S10: Yeah, no.
Josh's S10: It's not happening.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so did you
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you start them already. What
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. How did it go. Did you start out with a half what happened.
Josh's S10: I started with about a quarter.
Josh's S10: Okay. Um, and then this morning. I had to another quarter just me.
Josh's S10: I didn't want to get all to wasted. Uh huh, is I know I've taken before when I was just mis around and mystery are pretty good.
Josh's S10: Such as taking so
Josh's S10: So far I'm all right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, now withdrawal symptoms.
Josh's S10: I mean, the first day that I took that core. I was. I wasn't feeling well. I took that which went to bed last night said, pretty good. And then this morning. I had another quarter and I'm probably another one here in the world, we're
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. So remember I did find the induction.
Dr Katrina Groves: I think area called you did she tell you
Josh's S10: I talked to her.
Josh's S10: I didn't, I'm trying to find out I was, I tried to ask her last night, but she didn't exactly know what I was talking about. So the induction sheet.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, just to help you figure out, it's on the website. If you go to bright part of
Dr Katrina Groves: And you scroll all the way down.
Dr Katrina Groves: It'll say patient. I don't remember what it says. Now patient information and one of them is
Dr Katrina Groves: How to Do the induction. And that's the name we call we get people onto Suboxone and I know we talked about doing maybe eight milligrams. The first day, try to keep it as low as possible because then, like you said, you don't get messed up on it. The goal is not to
Dr Katrina Groves: Get high. The goal is to stop the cravings and keep the withdrawals down so
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so if you need more assistance with that you could probably call the virtual clinic again. And even after this call. I could put you back in there. And you could say, hey, how do I find this in sheet.
Josh's S10: Okay. Oh.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you pick up any of the nausea medication. Yeah.
Josh's S10: I got that you
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you need it.
Josh's S10: Now, yet, but I just got it. So, just in case.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. You're doing really well. I mean, you're not sweating. I don't see that you're miserable.
Josh's S10: Number it
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so again, like maybe eight milligrams today and then tomorrow if you can stay with eight
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, but in the morning when you wake up, do the whole eight right then probably unless you're one of those people, that's just going to take four in the morning or at night, but you're going to want to get on a routine.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then, did I say we were going to meet. Let's see. 21st next Thursday. Was that right
Josh's S10: Okay, I didn't we. I didn't ask you want to talk to me today. And then we're going to go
Josh's S10: There. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I do have Monday night groups, but I thought that you said
Josh's S10: Oh yeah we do talk about
Josh's S10: In the afternoon or in the morning.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, but it's kind of late morning. So I have two groups on Thursday, and you were voting for the later one at 1130 which is
Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because you said it would be easier with your mom schedule. I think
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah okay so 1130 21st Thursday, there'll be a couple other people but it won't be a very big group so
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Questions I let's see, constipation, diarrhea,
Josh's S10: No, no.
Josh's S10: Okay. No, not yet.
Irritable
Dr Katrina Groves: Sweating.
Josh's S10: I sweated a little bit this morning early, but I mean, I mean, yesterday I felt pretty terrible. By the time I got I purposely didn't yeah and i i sweated out Nana finally get to the pharmacy gotten you helped
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I wanted to get you in our can to I forgot to do that, but I'll do them Thursday or or today, if I have time, just because
Dr Katrina Groves: You never know. You know, this
Dr Katrina Groves: Would be somebody come across or or you're actually more risk or getting overdose. If you went back to heroin.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know week or two or three or month or something and you decided I you know Suboxone it's not for me. I'm going to shoot up again. You could actually die if you use the same dose. So it would be good for your mom to know how to do that. And, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: It up your nose and if she could save your life. So that's under that
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, God forbid that will not happen or, you know, say you come across somebody on the street and oh my god there's, you know, they're down and you know their user and you want to save their life. You can do that so
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So pharmacy for you to get there.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know it might be difficult, but I try to do just prescriptions once a week is
Dr Katrina Groves: To try to plan for that. I'm going to try and give you a prescription every Thursday when I see you
Josh's S10: But
Dr Katrina Groves: You for like eight days. And so the seven. That way you'll have an extra day that you don't have to stress to match getting to the pharmacy.
Okay.
Josh's S10: That works. Yep. Thank you.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're welcome.
Josh's S10: And hopefully I won't have to see too much longer kick this thing off me via
Josh's S10: Color
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you know when when you go in and again
Josh's S10: I go in Tuesday every Tuesday and Friday or Thursday Tuesday and Thursday. And they do the the wound dressing and originally they told me was going to be four weeks. And it's been a couple weeks already. So hopefully, two more weeks. So be nice to get rid of the thing.
Josh's S10: I'll try to
Josh's S10: Leave
Dr Katrina Groves: That you were going to have to have on Thursdays, you're going to have to make it there by noon or something that was 1230
Josh's S10: Is that, yeah. Yeah, mine for next week is one o'clock.
Dr Katrina Groves: So one o'clock, so it'll work.
Josh's S10: Yeah. Especially, I understand.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. Okay. Any other questions. Otherwise, I let you go. You're doing great. Great.
Josh's S10: Well, that's it. Thank you.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're very welcome. Talk to you.
Josh's S10: Yeah, sure.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay so diagnosis is opioid dependence severe in remission.
Dr Katrina Groves: Day two of induction doing well on
Dr Katrina Groves: One quarter of an eight milligrams Suboxone
Dr Katrina Groves: This morning plan on increasing to
Dr Katrina Groves: maximum of eight milligrams today max of 16 milligrams tomorrow though patient may not need it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Goal is lowest effective dose.
Dr Katrina Groves: Patient appeared
Dr Katrina Groves: Induction dictation and
Dr Katrina Groves: So just that subjective what the patient said, objectively, he looked happier he was. People are not
Dr Katrina Groves: Particularly dilated and or pinned
Dr Katrina Groves: He was moving all his extremities.
Dr Katrina Groves: Except for the right lower leg.
Dr Katrina Groves: without pain.
Dr Katrina Groves: I will prescribe nor can for him as well.
Dr Katrina Groves: I think that's it. So I will pause for now. Until my next one at 1030
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, this patient is learning me my she is a long term patient of mine from Denmark community health center.
Dr Katrina Groves: Establishing for her history and physical I think I've known her over three years.
Dr Katrina Groves: Me, get ready here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Have a different spelling
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, let me let her
Dr Katrina Groves: Good morning.
Dr Katrina Groves: Morning, you
Dr Katrina Groves: Can hear me.
Loraine Niemi: And I think
Dr Katrina Groves: Can you hear me.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, I can hear you.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm so glad you made it.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, oh my gosh, that was kind of a process.
Loraine Niemi: Oh yeah, it was definitely a process.
Dr Katrina Groves: Only the first time is like that.
Loraine Niemi: Okay, yeah, I don't have to get a day and you're signed up because I think he's gonna have a little bit of a learning curve. So
Dr Katrina Groves: Don't tell him that. Hi. I want to see the baby. Oh my god.
Loraine Niemi: Brought him over.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh, look at him. Oh.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh sweetheart.
Loraine Niemi: errs Little Miss angel.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow, Nathaniel junior
Loraine Niemi: Neil kinda
Loraine Niemi: Kinda, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: He's so big. How do you get so big.
Loraine Niemi: He six weeks.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, he's
Loraine Niemi: Is
Dr Katrina Groves: By I'll see you later. You better get signed up with me.
Loraine Niemi: Oh, no worries.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: My gosh. You look amazing. I was wondering what happened to you, I figured. Oh well.
Dr Katrina Groves: Lauren just doing her own thing.
Loraine Niemi: Well, kind of. It's been so hectic and crazy. The last couple months and with the Clovis thing. It's just been
Loraine Niemi: Understand. Oh my gosh.
Dr Katrina Groves: How are you doing,
Loraine Niemi: Good, good.
Dr Katrina Groves: I mean, how is the delivery what happened. I mean, how did you go down on your Suboxone I need to know everything.
Loraine Niemi: But though, so I ended up going to two milligrams in the morning and two milligrams at night will evening ish
Loraine Niemi: four milligrams a day is what I got down to, and with my delivery. I had a C section and yeah yeah
Loraine Niemi: That was I did the whole thing without narcotics.
Loraine Niemi: No, yeah, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're a trooper.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, it was, it was really painful afterwards. But I did it. They gave me
Loraine Niemi: They said it was like a motoring like super powerful motoring that they gave me afterwards.
Loraine Niemi: God, what did I want maybe turtle.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah yeah okay toward all that's what they were giving me afterwards.
Loraine Niemi: And and then Tylenol motor and that's how I did it.
Loraine Niemi: I mean,
Loraine Niemi: Amazing. Yeah. Yeah. And then she did send me home wisdom Tramadol and I did take it for like three weeks and I only took it whenever I heard like when I first woke up in the morning and then whenever I went to bed at night is mainly when that's when it hurts the most
Dr Katrina Groves: Didn't look new high feeling or just put the pain away.
Loraine Niemi: No, just take the pain away.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you out of that now.
Loraine Niemi: Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, I had a really bad toothache like two weeks ago and I tried to refill it. And she denied it. So I was like, okay, that's the same I'm good with yeah so
Dr Katrina Groves: I see your scar is it all healed or
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, yeah, it's, it's all you.
Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you're still, you're so skinny.
Loraine Niemi: Man.
Dr Katrina Groves: What are you now 30
Loraine Niemi: years older than that.
Loraine Niemi: 36
Loraine Niemi: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, that looks really good. It's, it's all healed up. No signs of infection.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, I went in yesterday for my six week checkup. And she released me for work, although I'm not going back to work until June.
Loraine Niemi: So, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Tell me what's going on with your job.
Loraine Niemi: Um, I did do the six weeks of paid maternity leave through disability. Um, I haven't done the paid family leave you. I guess you have up to a year to do that. So I'm gonna hold off on doing
Loraine Niemi: But I do plan on going back to work in June, but I'm not sure if I'm going back to Grocery Outlet or if I'm going to this other job where I got a really good job offer.
Dr Katrina Groves: Tell me about it.
Loraine Niemi: So it's at Walgreens, and it's for a shift lead, so I'll, I'll be like, assistant manager there too, as well.
Loraine Niemi: Oh yeah, and she said that she could start me out anywhere from 1715 to 18 an hour, which is two to $3 more than what I'm making now.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, and she said that that for the hours there full time hours. There are anywhere from 30 to 38 hours and I told her, that's fine said because I was even thinking about going down a part time because I have a new baby and I don't want to work so much anymore.
Loraine Niemi: So with the extra day cut will make up for the hours. So I'm okay with that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Cool. What were you working
Loraine Niemi: Already yeah 40 to 4540 to 50 hours a week. Yeah. And I was running myself in the dirt, like I just was so tired all the time.
Dr Katrina Groves: I remember that that was even before you were pregnant, you were kind of
Dr Katrina Groves: Done with that place.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, and I worked up and I worked my last day was February 28 and I was eight months and a week pregnant. I do believe
Loraine Niemi: Are almost nine months. Yeah, I was almost nine months pregnant. Yeah, yeah. I started again. I started swelling really bad. So then I went to them. I'm like, yeah, it's time for me to go
Dr Katrina Groves: Have your feet, your feet started swelling.
Loraine Niemi: Oh yeah, yeah, my feet were just my left leg was ginormous.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Baby breastfeeding.
Loraine Niemi: I'm kind of Daniel. Daniel, you got to go.
Dr Katrina Groves: It's okay, I'm
Loraine Niemi: Sorry.
Loraine Niemi: About this last night.
Dr Katrina Groves: I bet you guys aren't sleeping. Really good.
Loraine Niemi: Um, he does. I don't. Very well.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Loraine Niemi: He wakes up like every two hours.
Dr Katrina Groves: to breastfeed, or what what's going on with that.
Loraine Niemi: Um, I stopped producing milk.
Hello.
Loraine Niemi: Um, I think I know why.
Loraine Niemi: The second week that we were home.
Loraine Niemi: He decided that he was going to go a whole day without pooping and Nathaniel was like, really scared about it. And he was saying. Little things and he wasn't directing it towards me, but I was thinking that it was me because my Suboxone that maybe he wasn't pooping because of the Suboxone
Loraine Niemi: And so I didn't nurse for like two days.
Loraine Niemi: And then like a couple days after that I was really I was being really sporadic with it. And then he got nipple confusion. We're all he wanted was the bottle.
Dr Katrina Groves: It's so much easier for them to want the bottle.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, cuz it comes out a lot faster. And it's Instagram page.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah. Yep. And so now he doesn't really want to latch on like
Loraine Niemi: He will he'll latch on but then he'll just start getting really mad and he'll like
Dr Katrina Groves: Like it's not coming fast enough.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, so now I only produce like maybe a half an ounce out of just this side.
Loraine Niemi: I don't. My reg
Dr Katrina Groves: What's the plan. I mean, you could work really, really hard. And then we'll come back, but it would require you to stop the bottle. And eventually, he'll eat again, you know, but in a stressful.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or just want you're doing what, what's your plan.
Loraine Niemi: Um, well, I tried. I tried to bring it back. I bought lactation cookies I got into Greek
Loraine Niemi: Some kind of herbal supplement is called mother's milk.
Loraine Niemi: I think, and then I got the mother's milk tea and I was pumping every hour I power pumped.
Loraine Niemi: Wow, it came back. Yeah, it came back a little bit, where I started producing like a little bit more, but it was just too much. Yeah. So I'm slowly. Just let me go.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you know what, that's fine. My kids. I don't know if I told you I think I might have, but
Dr Katrina Groves: I couldn't breastfeed at all.
Dr Katrina Groves: My first one had a skull fracture and it was he couldn't suck anything because his head was so big industry as well so on.
Loraine Niemi: Anyway,
Dr Katrina Groves: He ended up just being on. I mean, I tried the same thing. I tried a little tube to go down and like
Dr Katrina Groves: It was it was a nightmare. And my kids were on soy milk and bottle fed from almost day one, and they're now six foot five and
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, some
Dr Katrina Groves: So it doesn't matter. I mean, I know there's a lot of guilt about oh
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, but you know what kids are going to be fine.
Loraine Niemi: Okay, yeah.
Loraine Niemi: I feel really guilty because we're
Dr Katrina Groves: All things
Loraine Niemi: There's a lot of other family members that have given birth within the last month before me, or even after me and they're all doing great. Like they're nursing. Amazingly, and like, they're not. I'm not trying to be rude, but they're not as good as moms, as I am.
Loraine Niemi: Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: And it's nothing to do with being a good mom your breasts just decided, I'm done. I've had how many babies is this 544 I'm having babies. You're 36 years old and your body is just like, Okay, I'm done.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, some people get an appendix that they have to get taken out is that their fault. No, you know, it's not your fault and your baby's gonna be fine. I know it makes you sad, but you don't get over that.
Loraine Niemi: I really wanted to, because he is the last one I got my tubes tied
Oh,
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, I was like, no, I
Dr Katrina Groves: Can't believe Nathaniel was into that.
Loraine Niemi: He, he was like he was like, No, we really shouldn't have any more because we're getting older and we're gonna be like in her 60s with
Loraine Niemi: That kid. And he's like, but it's up to you, because it's your body
Loraine Niemi: Okay, yeah, natural, I'm like, No, this is for us because it's not only me, having the baby to to so we both decided that that was probably the right thing to do.
Loraine Niemi: Good, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: The other thing I want to say is actually advantages to not breastfeed because the baby ends up bonding with you because of you. Not because of breasts, you know. So number one, you'll be able to we you'll be able to sleep better, he'll be able to sleep better as time goes on.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, it's just a lot easier. I thought I did. It was annoying to try to to breastfeed was annoying.
Loraine Niemi: Oh, yeah. Yeah. It is. It is very annoying.
Loraine Niemi: It's so inconvenient.
Loraine Niemi: And nobody else can feed them and you have
Dr Katrina Groves: Like your freedom to, you could go to, you can go work. You don't have to pump. Yeah, it'll be it.
Loraine Niemi: So I'm slowly getting that in there.
Dr Katrina Groves: For a while, and he postpartum depression Lorraine, like a lot of moms equity me you know you have a lot of anxiety, and do you think that's part of it. Are you okay
Loraine Niemi: Um, I'm okay. I haven't no depression.
Loraine Niemi: Maybe a little anxiety only, not from pregnancy, but from like work issues and coven
Loraine Niemi: being stuck now is
Loraine Niemi: From pregnancy, you know,
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So this is kind of a little history and but I'm supposed to do on you for bright heart and I know some of this stuff, but I'm supposed to pretend I don't so
Dr Katrina Groves: It can you remember actually. I don't remember this part. When did you start the program. What year was it or how many and how many years. Queen. Do you have
Loraine Niemi: It was 2011 I do believe or the beginning of 2012. So I think the jury's either nine or 10 years
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my god.
Loraine Niemi: APRIL, APRIL because it was right after Christians birthday. It was like April 24 through 20
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh yeah, that's
Loraine Niemi: Incredible. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know you had a few like little on and I like the Tramadol thing but i don't i don't remember you having any relapses or flip up things. I mean, one taking Norco once or something, I don't know, whatever.
Loraine Niemi: Nope, just the Tramadol yeah the for you then.
And then
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so I have to go back, though, to when you started using, at what age and what you started with and and just kind of take me through like your childhood stuff. I'm sure you just want to remember
Loraine Niemi: Okay, um,
Loraine Niemi: I think I was like 15 when I first tried marijuana
Loraine Niemi: Or maybe even 14
Loraine Niemi: I was about 15 or 16 when I first drink alcohol and I wasn't. It wasn't until I was 19 when I started smoking cigarettes and then I tried meth for the first time when I was 19 I actually tried it with Nathaniel.
Dr Katrina Groves: You guys met
Loraine Niemi: No.
Loraine Niemi: No, he worked. He worked at a gas station.
Loraine Niemi: And I came it yeah that's a whole different story.
Loraine Niemi: Wasn't through drugs.
Loraine Niemi: But he actually he did do mess when I first met him, and I didn't know and I yeah he lied about it. So it was a sisters and blah, blah, blah.
Loraine Niemi: And then I only did met for, like, maybe six or eight months or something like that. It wasn't very long stint and haven't gone back haven't done it since.
Loraine Niemi: I actually didn't get addicted to painkillers until I had my daughter 10 years ago in 2010 when I had my C section. And that was just a runaway train. I just took them and they gave me three months afterwards they just kept refilling them for me.
Dr Katrina Groves: That was not good. Yeah.
Loraine Niemi: No, that was back in 2010
Loraine Niemi: And then once they denied me the prescription. I just kept buying them from other people. Anybody that had them. My parents, friends. Yeah, so that's how that whole thing with never tried heroin.
Loraine Niemi: Crack cocaine. None of that stuff.
LSD. No.
Loraine Niemi: No. Not even mushrooms like
Loraine Niemi: I was such a square. Growing up, I mean, the only reason why I tried marijuana is because I got
Loraine Niemi: Whole peer pressured into it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Mm hmm.
Loraine Niemi: Even do that again until God 2010 so from like nine
Loraine Niemi: From like 2002 2010 I didn't do nothing.
Loraine Niemi: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you didn't know in your brain that you had that
Dr Katrina Groves: Addiction thing. So, and then
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, so I guess I should go back. How much Suboxone are you taking now like you got down to four milligrams. But now, are you back up or what do you take in
Loraine Niemi: And backup. Now, now I'm taking two two milligrams in the morning and then at night. I'm taking anywhere from to go anywhere from four milligrams to six milligrams
Dr Katrina Groves: Depending on what
Loraine Niemi: Depending on I guess if my days crappy, I don't know, I just sometimes I just take one extra I'm like in Daniel, he's been helping me, he says, Oh, you don't need it. It's the same as taking one. It's the same as taking two so
Loraine Niemi: He's been helping me with that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because remember we talked about that before people get
Dr Katrina Groves: To the point where they start using their Suboxone like a drug and
Loraine Niemi: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Supposed to help you feel better and get through your day. It's supposed to be just what you need to stop the cravings and not go back to the pills.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, you're just a new mom and we can talk about it but i i think at one point you had wanted to get off the Suboxone. Is that still kind of in your head.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah yeah that is
Loraine Niemi: It's so good. Yeah. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're there is
Loraine Niemi: This new job at Walgreens, like they own. That was my pharmacy and so
Loraine Niemi: There's a couple people that work there. Or they did work there. They know that I take it and
Loraine Niemi: You know, like, people say that they don't judge you like
Loraine Niemi: Right, I don't want them to. So
Dr Katrina Groves: That's a scary thing huh
Mm hmm.
Loraine Niemi: Coffee.
Dr Katrina Groves: T
Loraine Niemi: Can see
Dr Katrina Groves: That that's the drug, you can do so, um, are you changing your prescription to a different pharmacy or where have you been getting it from
Loraine Niemi: So dairy has switched it to Walmart at the beginning of this coven thing.
Loraine Niemi: Okay, because they Walgreens couldn't get their shipments. So it's now at Walmart. Plus, I guess there's a guy that worked there. His name is Mike and Mike
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, he says, Terry says easier to deal with him because he knows how to get get ahold of you right click
Loraine Niemi: And backlink so I just left it at Walmart.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's good because then you won't feel like, Yeah, it's weird having your prescription. The same place. You work at
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, so I'll probably end up transferring everything
Dr Katrina Groves: So speaking of that, I need your medication list so I can put it down here. Are you are you taking what else you take antidepressants.
Loraine Niemi: Know I'm the only thing I take is Suboxone I think do soccer's
Loraine Niemi: Yeah yeah he they she prescribed it for me after I had the baby.
Loraine Niemi: Okay, fiber gummy Tylenol and ibuprofen. That's it.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're not really taking anything for anxiety or depression.
Loraine Niemi: No, no, no.
Loraine Niemi: I haven't taken that stuff since like high school
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, I thought you and I talked about it at one point, because you were stressing so much we
Loraine Niemi: Talked about me on some
Dr Katrina Groves: See that would make more sense to me. If you have a thyroid problem are you supposed to take
Dr Katrina Groves: What, what's a good analogy. If you've got a thyroid problem. You wouldn't take a diabetes medication for your thyroid problem, right.
Loraine Niemi: And
Dr Katrina Groves: If you have stress and anxiety and depression you you know you would want to take a medication for stress, anxiety and depression nuts box on which is for addiction, so you know where I'm going with that. Yeah.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, I completely understand it's like a routine and concentration thing to so like if I if I don't take it at a certain time, then it feels like
Dr Katrina Groves: My body freaks out. Yeah.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, yeah. And it feels like something's missing.
Loraine Niemi: Right, I
Loraine Niemi: Swear
Dr Katrina Groves: I remember that. And then I think we also talked about put a Listerine under your account.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, that will do it. He's texting me, I'm okay. I'm okay so let's see. Oh, did you ever overdose at all around when you were
Dr Katrina Groves: Using. No, no. And how many did you ever try to quit on your own more than once, or was it just like
Dr Katrina Groves: The only time you wanted to quit when you came to the program. Did you how many attempts. Did you try to quit before you did.
Loraine Niemi: I can't remember, but I know it was quite a few
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're trying to get done.
Dr Katrina Groves: Go off on you.
Loraine Niemi: I'm like, like wean myself off of them, or even cold turkey. This is the only program. I've been to for it.
Loraine Niemi: But it was quite a few times. I want to say at least five. That's a good number.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and your withdrawals would last like days or hours or how long
Loraine Niemi: I would get like two days into it and then because I couldn't sleep.
Loraine Niemi: I would just go right back to it because I've got I had kids.
Loraine Niemi: Right. And I was working and Daniel was working. And it was just in both of us were in like right in the middle of our addictions. So
Loraine Niemi: I just couldn't handle it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what are your coping skills. Now that you use when you get stressed.
Loraine Niemi: Um,
Loraine Niemi: Gosh. It's been so long that it's not even a part of my day anymore. Like, it's not even
Loraine Niemi: Some even a question. It's not even in my mind.
Loraine Niemi: I guess.
Dr Katrina Groves: I guess I mean when you get stressed. What things do you do to calm yourself down and relax. Instead of the drugs. Now do you take baths. Do you breathe, do you what stuff did you learn from Tony or the group or me or anybody that you're using to help self care.
Loraine Niemi: Oh, I would read well most of the time I remove myself from wherever I'm at, like, I'll go into the in a different room. I'll go outside or
Loraine Niemi: A cigarette. I'll take yeah yeah and I breathe and I tell myself this too shall pass.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, that's like my favorite thing is even myself.
Dr Katrina Groves: I like that.
Dr Katrina Groves: So that means you're still smoking. I'm gonna cry.
Loraine Niemi: I know. Oh my gosh. So I got five days into it.
Loraine Niemi: By day
Loraine Niemi: Wow. Yes.
Loraine Niemi: And I'm gonna blame it on
Loraine Niemi: Tramadol I'm going to blame it on the Tramadol I'm telling you.
Loraine Niemi: The first secret that I smoked it hurt so bad you Oh god.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow, you know, five days is like the date the time if you can get five days in you've got it. So if it's still in your brain, are you still interested in trying to quit.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how many cigarettes. Do you smoke right now.
I'm
Loraine Niemi: A lot because we're at home.
Dr Katrina Groves: I dare
To
Loraine Niemi: Like 1516 almost a pack a day.
Loraine Niemi: Wow, almost because mean that Daniel We share so and we go through one package and when there's 20 cigarettes in a pack.
Loraine Niemi: And I'm not. I don't know if I'm smoking, most of it or if he's smoking, most of it, but probably close to either half a pack to pack. Wow.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so yeah. Have you ever used anything to try to quit. If I given you patches or be got
Loraine Niemi: Like that stuff like I can text and it made me psychotic
Dr Katrina Groves: Low
Loraine Niemi: Like me like
Loraine Niemi: I went to work, taking that stuff. And when customers will come up to me. I was in my head, calling them name.
Loraine Niemi: Agitated
Dr Katrina Groves: Chantix on your allergy list.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, like Wellbutrin or nicotine patches, because those don't have any of that kind of side effects.
Loraine Niemi: I've never tried below the chin and the patches and I tried them a long time ago and I don't know. I don't remember if they were I didn't use them or not.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or maybe, number one, maybe you weren't ready, but I guess my question was the patches didn't give you an allergy, like a rash or anything that you remember right
Dr Katrina Groves: Now, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: So on that scale of zero to 10
Dr Katrina Groves: Zero is where you don't want to stop smoking nearing the want to talk about stopping smoking. You're like, totally not into it and 10 is like, okay, I'm quitting today. Where do you think you're in that you know 1-234-567-8910, where are you in in the motivation scale.
Loraine Niemi: Probably like a seven or an eight.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's pretty high.
Dr Katrina Groves: So why didn't look like a five or lower
Loraine Niemi: Um, because I know how bad it is. And I hate it. I absolutely hate the taste of it. I hate the smell of it. I hate
The
Loraine Niemi: My kids tell me all the time how much you know and I know I'm gonna die. I have a smoker's cough.
Loraine Niemi: Over here. Yeah, so like I know how bad it is for me and I really want to quit, but I'm so addicted to it and it's so amazing. When I do smoke. So that's why I'm like right there. Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: But that's good that you acknowledge that that's it's better than a two.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so my suggestion would be when you're ready.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let me know. Oh, I know you have a doctor at the clinic, who is your primary care doctors at either now or
Loraine Niemi: I don't know, I haven't seen a primary care and long time you've been yelling at me for like five years.
Dr Katrina Groves: No, no.
No.
Loraine Niemi: You very kindly
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: If I will be happy to prescribe you whatever patches Wellbutrin might be a good one too, because it's good for a little bit of stress. But again, you know, whatever you want. I think patches would work too.
Dr Katrina Groves: So just let me know if if and when you're ready.
Dr Katrina Groves: I think want to go.
Loraine Niemi: Back to work.
Loraine Niemi: When I go back to work.
Loraine Niemi: Because right now, I have nothing to keep me occupied. Well, I mean, I have my kids. Yeah.
Loraine Niemi: You guys come up with any routine like
Dr Katrina Groves: An exercise or anything healthy that you can do around the house like take turns going
Dr Katrina Groves: doing sit ups or, you know, something you can do besides smoke the cigarette.
Loraine Niemi: Just a good idea.
Dr Katrina Groves: A lot of people, a
Dr Katrina Groves: Lot of people are getting weight benches and you know they're getting. I think when they come out a coven were either going to have a group of huge fat people that walk out the
Dr Katrina Groves: Buff people with like abs, you know,
Loraine Niemi: I agree. I don't want you to be the one that's
Dr Katrina Groves: 900 pounds and
You'll get
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, but that's baby fat, too. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so where was I. We don't know who your primary care doctor is yet, but it's somebody over there and you don't have any history of high blood pressure or thyroid problems or diabetes.
Loraine Niemi: No. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And have you ever been in the hospital for anything other than the C sections like
Loraine Niemi: No, no, no, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: No injuries.
Loraine Niemi: Nope.
Dr Katrina Groves: No surgery, except for your C section and your Tubal your have appendix or gallbladder.
Loraine Niemi: No. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And okay, going back to your family history high hanging in there, you know, another sip of coffee.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So your mom still living.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah. Both my parents are still kicking
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and they have medical issues. What, like blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease,
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, yeah. My dad has all of that he's pre diabetic. The word for it. I don't know what what it is, but
Loraine Niemi: He said,
Loraine Niemi: The watch what he eats or we'll see if he can be full blown diabetic.
Dr Katrina Groves: Was a big
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, my dad's really big probably post about 400 pounds.
Loraine Niemi: Six one, something like that. And my mom, my mom's really tiny. She's like me and recently she lost a lot of weight because my brother.
Loraine Niemi: Introduced her into
Loraine Niemi: Math.
Loraine Niemi: Here. Yeah, because she's
Loraine Niemi: No, yeah, it's, it's awful. It's so awful. She's not doing it now.
Loraine Niemi: You've been off of it for quite probably, I don't know, maybe three weeks know maybe I'm wrong.
Loraine Niemi: But it's bad, like my sister. She my
Loraine Niemi: Brother brought it around my mom's house. And then my sister got into it, my other brother.
Loraine Niemi: So all bad news at my mom's house all venues, he got shot the other night.
Dr Katrina Groves: What
Loraine Niemi: You got shot.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, like in my mom, my parents are gonna die of a heart attack because of my brother and the stress that he puts on them. Just wait we don't go there. Very often, I haven't gone over there.
Loraine Niemi: You know, to visit on a regular basis for probably a good two years now because of my brother in the drug things that he brings around my parents, though. Yeah, he got shot him. So he's okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So some drug dealer friend or something. Was this drug related
Loraine Niemi: Yeah. Well, he he he traded a truck, you didn't like the truck. The truck didn't work. So he went back to reboot the truck. Instead of talking to the guy, he
Loraine Niemi: Tried to hook it up and take it without the guy, knowing that guy comes out of the house. He's that he's trying to take the truck to then he got into a fight, and then he pulls out a gun and shooting.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my God, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Spend time in prison for that one.
Loraine Niemi: I'm still trying to find the guy.
Loraine Niemi: And this happened to three days ago, two or three days do you
Loraine Niemi: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So your father doesn't have any substance use disorder, just your mom.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah I know my dad, he's got way too many health issues and he's been clean off of meth or probably a good 1520 years and
Loraine Niemi: My mom, she was the same.
Loraine Niemi: But she doesn't have as many Hill well
Loraine Niemi: She's mobile. I'm like, my dad. Oh.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, she must acquit for some reasons he must have felt like like you know maybe partly for you, like, oh, we can. You can see your grandkids more if you don't use her. I don't know.
Loraine Niemi: Why
Dr Katrina Groves: Why do you think she decided to quit after for three weeks.
Loraine Niemi: Um, I think a lot of it had to do with us, all of us kids and my dad like we just made her feel really super ashamed, like in my dad told me
Loraine Niemi: The day that I went in for my C section, the hospitals, homie. I could have two people. So I hadn't Daniel and I had my mom and my dad told me that my mom had used the night before and that morning. So the whole time that I was in the hospital. She was higher than a kite.
Loraine Niemi: I'm my dad. He told me that. And then he told my mom that he told me that. And I haven't talked to everybody, yet, but I think about super ashamed because after that I told my dad that I wasn't going to bring the baby over
Dr Katrina Groves: Exactly.
Loraine Niemi: It wasn't going to let them have any contact if she was going to be using. So
Dr Katrina Groves: I think that was, you know, tough love.
Loraine Niemi: Mm hmm. And it really, really, really, really pissed me off.
Loraine Niemi: And I thought something was up by my mom's always been high energy like she just never really been able to sit down. She's just
Loraine Niemi: Taking everything
Loraine Niemi: She's the person that you don't ever want to take into a doctor's office room because he's been through reading
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, so
Loraine Niemi: I just thought it was a little bit normal and she was nervous, so
Loraine Niemi: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I hope so. I sounds like he's on the right track. So
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, I hope so too.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you have, how many sisters and brothers. I know you have a big family.
Loraine Niemi: Of four brothers and one sister.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and your sister. So when I used to see in group right
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, how is she doing, I mean I know she has babies and if he's still using
Loraine Niemi: Um, you know, I, she said she's not. But it's hard to tell.
Loraine Niemi: She and her husband split up almost
Loraine Niemi: Like almost a year ago now, he decided one day she literally one day woke up and said, I don't want to be married to you anymore.
Loraine Niemi: And he was like, what, what do you mean like this is coming out of nowhere and he took their youngest kid and moved to Arizona, because that's his own blood biological child.
He couldn't take him.
Loraine Niemi: And ever since he left. She just went off the rails, like she party like she leaves for days on end. Yeah, the typical drug addict, how
Dr Katrina Groves: Is it is that Megan without her name.
Loraine Niemi: Know, Renee.
Dr Katrina Groves: Renee. That's it.
Dr Katrina Groves: She have kids.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, hold on me.
Loraine Niemi: I'm Tiana's 12 and Mary seven
Dr Katrina Groves: I can't be good for the kids.
Loraine Niemi: No, and then Shawn Shawn's 14
Loraine Niemi: Wow, that her husband took her baby Annabel and I think she's five
Dr Katrina Groves: Younger brothers are all four of your brothers into drugs in one way or another. Or has anyone
Loraine Niemi: To two of them are into math really bad. And those are the two that are my parents.
Loraine Niemi: And one of my brothers, he moved to Wisconsin with his wife.
Loraine Niemi: She works for the Social Security Administration and she got a really good job offer in Wisconsin. So they move there and they smoke marijuana and they drink alcohol.
Loraine Niemi: And then my other brother Brandon he a social pill popper. I guess you could say, like, he, he doesn't wake up and take them every day. But he takes them quite often just get high off of them. I guess or
Dr Katrina Groves: Take them. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: In your family.
Loraine Niemi: No, yeah, it's bad. So yeah, I'm meeting with Daniel, we are
Loraine Niemi: The only people in our family that don't drink. We don't smoke pot. We don't do drugs like we're literally the only ones.
Dr Katrina Groves: Who thought anymore. I know it well I guess you're not doing it now but at some point you were thinking of moving up north to Nathaniel's family.
Dr Katrina Groves: But you're happy here though.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, um, it's not that easy. Moving anymore.
Dr Katrina Groves: No, a lot right now, especially, it's going to
Dr Katrina Groves: Be on your too.
Dr Katrina Groves: Mm hmm.
Loraine Niemi: I mean, we still want to move, but we just have to do it right.
Loraine Niemi: And having a good job is really hard to come by. So that's one of the things that is kept us here is me working so yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: So do you have any legal issues from in your past, have you ever get arrested or have any thank
Dr Katrina Groves: You. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You got lucky.
Dr Katrina Groves: And any oh rebirth and told her to bowl right
Dr Katrina Groves: Yep. How many any miscarriages or abortions. I'm kind of flipping around
Loraine Niemi: Oh, you're fine. Um, yeah, I had a miscarriage. When I was 19 before I had
Loraine Niemi: My other
Loraine Niemi: First
Dr Katrina Groves: So you have four
Dr Katrina Groves: Five pregnancies.
Dr Katrina Groves: And or like okay and allergies to any medication or like penicillin or allergies to pollen or anything like that.
Loraine Niemi: Know I'm old. That's about it. Yeah, everybody.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so almost getting done.
Loraine Niemi: Mango I'm allergic to mango.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, you're right. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Why we get a rash. Do you stop breathing.
Loraine Niemi: I get a really bad rash.
Loraine Niemi: Okay. In everything swells.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, not good.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. And now I'm going to ask you questions that are like physical symptoms that you might have had in the last week or so.
Dr Katrina Groves: Just routine like any Fevers or chills.
Dr Katrina Groves: No, night sweats.
Loraine Niemi: Know, and
Dr Katrina Groves: I'd say fatigue and but that doesn't count because yes you're
Loraine Niemi: Going to answer guests and that one.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, I know you're tired because you just
Dr Katrina Groves: Had a baby. So you said, respiratory, you have a cough. Do you get wheezing shortness of breath with it.
Loraine Niemi: No, no, it's just that nasty phlegm cough from smoking.
Dr Katrina Groves: What colors of phlegm.
Loraine Niemi: Um, sometimes it's green, but it hasn't been green and a long time. It's just like, I don't know why mucus.
Dr Katrina Groves: If it ever turns color and you know you get
Dr Katrina Groves: fevers, you got to go get antibiotics.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah so heart problems, any chest pain, heart palpitations.
Loraine Niemi: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Trying to breath when you're walking
Loraine Niemi: Shortness of breath, whenever I run up the stairs.
Dr Katrina Groves: Huh.
Loraine Niemi: Oh my gosh, it's so stupid.
Dr Katrina Groves: Mm hmm. You'll get there.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: stomach problems, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation,
Loraine Niemi: I'm
Loraine Niemi: Constantly. Yeah, yeah, I'm still like getting through that little bit of concentration. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: No blood in your stool, though.
Loraine Niemi: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you normally concentrated just taking the Suboxone
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. And so a lot of fiber in your diet. That's a good thing to continue
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, I have to take fiber dummies.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, even when you're not
Dr Katrina Groves: Yep. Yeah. So neurologically any tremors or seizures vertigo, dizziness, headaches, migraine.
Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: And we talked a little about mood stuff you don't feel depression or anxiety.
Loraine Niemi: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any history of suicidal thoughts in the past.
No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: And goals for the future. I don't know how far can you plan.
Dr Katrina Groves: You have any in your head, like what you want to where you want to be, or in your two years or
Loraine Niemi: Well, I mean, I have short term goals right now. I don't really have anything long term.
Loraine Niemi: That's fine because getting pregnant kind of turned everything upside down.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah and now. Baby focus
Loraine Niemi: Yeah so short term goal is start this new job and start a savings. So we can buy a house.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah.
Loraine Niemi: And they're doing
Loraine Niemi: Short term that short term going into long term.
Loraine Niemi: Exactly, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, having a house is great. You need like six bedrooms, or something.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, literally.
Dr Katrina Groves: List at all.
Dr Katrina Groves: No, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: It's not that hard. People are getting housing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Much better. Now, for whatever reason,
Loraine Niemi: Yeah and we recently, a week before I went on maternity leave. We did our research here at the apartments and she told us that with the both of us working at that point we made too much money and our rent went up to almost $1,000
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, and she said that we were going to have a year to move out.
Loraine Niemi: Oh my god about. Yeah.
Loraine Niemi: I don't know if that still applies. She was able to get our rent to go down because obviously I'm not working. The Daniel quit.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Loraine Niemi: So he's not working.
Loraine Niemi: I'm getting disability and he getting paid family leave. So yeah, I rent was able to go down.
Loraine Niemi: But I when I go back to work. I don't know if we still will be making too much money so
Dr Katrina Groves: It will work out.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Life is stressful.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, you finally get to where you're doing so good. And then they tell you that. Oh, because you're doing good. Right. You don't get nothing.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's not right.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: But I like the fact that you're going to work less hours and be able to be a mom and that's you know and and you know cigarettes cost a lot of money.
Loraine Niemi: Oh my god of thunder dollars.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. And if you could take that cigarettes and put that in the savings even 50 bucks.
Dr Katrina Groves: What hundred dollars a month. Are you saying
Loraine Niemi: No, that's $100 every two weeks.
Loraine Niemi: Well, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: 200 bucks a month you're spending on cigarettes.
Loraine Niemi: Even sometimes more. It just kind of depends.
Dr Katrina Groves: And let's see 200 times 12 is what $22,400
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow year $2,400
That's insane.
Loraine Niemi: And that's just on the low end
Dr Katrina Groves: More yeah that's
Dr Katrina Groves: 844 thousand 800
Loraine Niemi: Wow.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's huge. You could definitely know how to put that in your brain to help you quit smoking, the less you smoke, the more money you get in, you know, maybe what you can do is every time you buy a pack of cigarettes.
Dr Katrina Groves: You can, I don't know, trying to be creative. Here it's not working. Put some of the money that you maybe buy less if you can, and put some of that money into a little cookie jar. That's house or something that can help you save
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so much for my advice here.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm going to go where I'm we're pretty much done. I got everything I needed.
Dr Katrina Groves: I just want to know when you're going to be able to do a group. I want you to be able to get a group meeting in and I know how much you love group but group is moving on internet because you don't have to go out of your house. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And right now, I've got, I know this will change because when are you starting to work again. Do you think
Loraine Niemi: John yeah in June.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, that's not much time. So we've got a group coming up on Monday night at 5:45pm but it's really packed right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Gosh, Riley Julian Jennifer Anna Jake Casey Stephanie Layla, I mean I got tons of people in there, but I have two groups on Thursday morning. This next week one at 10 o'clock. And what I'm trying to fill up at 1130 so I'm wondering if you'll be able to do like 1130 group on Thursday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah week. Is that okay, get it over with.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, okay. I don't see you writing it on a calendar.
Loraine Niemi: All right, I'll get a
Dr Katrina Groves: Phone or a piece of paper, time to move. Anyway, you don't want to go.
Loraine Niemi: Hey, I've been up since six o'clock this morning, so
Loraine Niemi: peacemakers so Thursday, as in
Loraine Niemi: The 21st or the
Dr Katrina Groves: 21st
The 21st
Dr Katrina Groves: I could do the 28th, but I'd rather just get you on there 11 1130 so with bright heart. You have to check in a half hour early seriously, you could check up check in up to six hours early and do they're going to have a questionnaire. Every time it'll be shorter
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, but there's so many people on zoom now because of the coven thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: That there's, you know, they get with that. There's like the front desk. People that check you in at the virtual clinic, they get swamped and everybody checks in five minutes before their appointment and so you basically will miss it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, I would say at a minimum 30 minutes if you want to get it over with and call it six or seven in the morning and do your check in and then pop in later you can do that too.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, alright. So, um, what else questions for me about Bret Hart specifically
Loraine Niemi: Um, I don't really have any
Dr Katrina Groves: Not yet.
Loraine Niemi: Not yet now.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, um,
Loraine Niemi: She said something about doing labs.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so everybody you know how when you started in the group. It was so long ago I made you do blood work because I want to check your liver and your kidneys and being on Suboxone a long time. Does it affect your, your liver.
Dr Katrina Groves: So we do Bret Hart once everybody to get checked. You can do that at the clinic. I don't know if they put
Loraine Niemi: She did. She, she sent me an email that said that she did order my labs.
Dr Katrina Groves: Perfect. I hope she did it at the clinic or was it at the center coast hospital. I don't know.
Loraine Niemi: Um, I think the clinic. I think I remember the email saying clinic.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so just go there whenever you want the lab is still open. I don't know what's going on with their hours. I'm sure you have to wear a mask. Don't take the baby.
Dr Katrina Groves: Obviously, just go and get your blood drawn. You don't have to make an appointment. I don't believe
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: real important like try to see me.
Dr Katrina Groves: To get your prescriptions. So the prescriptions won't come from Tony and dairy anymore. They'll come from.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: If you miss your group.
Dr Katrina Groves: You won't get your script. You can't just like call Tony and say, yeah, I mean you can but
Dr Katrina Groves: It's better to
Dr Katrina Groves: Keep your group number one because it's real hard to get you back in. I've got like 60 some people and only
Dr Katrina Groves: Three groups. I'm doing so far. So they get
Dr Katrina Groves: Three pack.
So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Just keep in touch with us. But when you start working. What do you think your hours are going to be, I mean,
Loraine Niemi: Why so at Grocery Outlet because
Loraine Niemi: We're going to go to work at first, are you really okay
Loraine Niemi: Cuz I'm with Walgreens, she said. It takes a couple weeks for the background to come back.
Loraine Niemi: Okay. Plus, I need to tell them
Loraine Niemi: Yes. Yeah, go back. I got to put in a two week. Notice
Loraine Niemi: So, um, I do believe it's going to be the same school that had before, which is nights, though, and I'll have Fridays and Saturdays off.
Loraine Niemi: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm as night shift.
Loraine Niemi: 12 to nine. And I think right now they're closing at eight. So it may even be 1130 to 830
Loraine Niemi: So I can do like a morning group with you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so yeah, so the Thursday this Thursday is fine at 1130 but after that, we do have a 10 o'clock we can do, and only only have you come like once a month for a couple times and then I'll let you go farther
Dr Katrina Groves: It's just I want you to get used to the system and
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, this is a little different.
Loraine Niemi: Mm hmm. I'm not very technologically inclined like
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, you did awesome
Dr Katrina Groves: Other people, they have no clue how to do this. You're, you're like,
Dr Katrina Groves: You're than eight out of 10
Dr Katrina Groves: So what else was I gonna say
Dr Katrina Groves: We'll just go. We'll talk about it more on Thursday, and more, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, the drug screen. They're going to have you. They're going to send a pee pee thing to your house, did they talk
Loraine Niemi: No, she just said at the clinic. So it's funny.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now that's lab work.
Dr Katrina Groves: But they're going to send you a little peek up in the mail to your address, so be watching for it. You could even call and say, hey, I want my peak up and get it done.
Dr Katrina Groves: Since you have time right now. You can actually call the virtual clinic and say send me my urine tests and you don't do it right when they mail it to you when you get it, you call the
Dr Katrina Groves: Bright heart and tell them, you've got it. And then they will put you with somebody and they'll kind of walk you through how to do it because
Dr Katrina Groves: You can go in the bathroom by yourself. Nobody's going to follow you there, you leave the phone you come out.
Dr Katrina Groves: Then they they have you hold it up and take a picture of it like to make sure that the temperatures right and what drugs are in it and what aren't and yours are all going to be perfectly normal.
Dr Katrina Groves: But they just like to. So that's the way you do the drug test and they'll probably send it once a month. Yeah, it's kind of interesting.
Loraine Niemi: Isn't it strange
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, it's a way to do it without, you know, this is a totally online.
Dr Katrina Groves: Group, I mean, bright heart has people all over. All over the United States. They might even have more places, but I know that they got people in Georgia. They got people in New York. They got people in Washington, you know, here I am in Oregon, and I'm not
Dr Katrina Groves: Taking Oregon people right now, I'm just taking you guys because I want to get you all
Dr Katrina Groves: On boarded but at some point, you know, we might add more people in. So, you know, that's how they, they, their people. They can't just be sending urine test everybody's doctor, they gotta do.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, that's kind of cool, though. It's different.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. So, do you need a prescription of Suboxone like today, or when did you get one.
Loraine Niemi: I literally just got it feel yesterday.
Loraine Niemi: And will they gave me a partial so today I have to go back and get the rest because they didn't have how
Dr Katrina Groves: Did we get you. I can't remember.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm eight milligrams three a day yeah look on the box for me, please.
Loraine Niemi: Oh, yeah.
Loraine Niemi: It's, um, I take I'm supposed to take four milligrams in the morning and four milligrams in the evening.
Dr Katrina Groves: So eight milligrams a day.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, hold on.
Dr Katrina Groves: I like how you
Loraine Niemi: Please to under the tongue twice daily can see that
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, I know the 2 million turn it a little bit to the left. Other way other left.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, who okay oh it's, I'm sorry, I forgot your hands up song.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's a 2.9
Loraine Niemi: Yes 2.9 dash
Dr Katrina Groves: 0.7 1.71 that's crazy. Okay. What happened with Suboxone did it make you sick.
Loraine Niemi: No, we went down to the subs are we went over to the subs all because it
Loraine Niemi: Dissolves quicker and I was having an issue at work. I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: Right, just
Loraine Niemi: Holding the Suboxone fast enough.
Dr Katrina Groves: Got it.
Dr Katrina Groves: District, but now you're just taking it to in the morning into at night, so you won't have to. Well, it depends on your schedule. But hopefully you can do it at home instead of
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, yeah, I'm not
Loraine Niemi: I'm gonna have to you because I don't want them. Yeah.
Loraine Niemi: The whole different environment.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what's. I'm sorry. How many what quantity that they give you 60 I know 120 or whatever. What am I supposed to give you what are they, oh yeah.
Loraine Niemi: Um, they only gave me 28 and they still owe me a bunch more. I'm not sure how much more they owe me
Dr Katrina Groves: And for they get if they give you a month that would have been to twice a day is for a day, which is four times 30 is 120 a month.
Loraine Niemi: I think you're right. I think it's 120 let me go get my box right away. Today my box would tell me how much
Loraine Niemi: Every shred my box, too, because I don't need because people go through our dumpsters.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I don't
Loraine Niemi: Need I don't need people knowing that I take that I think I might have through my box away.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's okay. I just want to make sure we keep track of when your next
Loraine Niemi: Criminals to be
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, it should be the 14th of next month.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let's see. You got it. How could that be, you just got it on the 20 No. Oh, you're right, 13th, you got it on the 13th.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know 514 514
Dr Katrina Groves: Yep, so that will be 1234 so you'll be do again on June.
Dr Katrina Groves: 11 is my next group that's the closest to that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so maybe I should make you two appointments so we don't forget, and do you don't know. On June 11 what you'll probably want to 10 o'clock appointment on June 11 because you'll
Dr Katrina Groves: Be Grocery Outlet
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. So on your note 10 o'clock on the 11th.
Loraine Niemi: Of 20 10am
Dr Katrina Groves: And and 521 at 1130 got it.
By
Loraine Niemi: 11:30am I wrote that one on the calendar.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: I will try to remind you on that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Next time as well.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, great. So it's
Loraine Niemi: Gonna be a whole lot easier. Anyways, because I play phone tag with area for like a week before
Loraine Niemi: Because I know you're super busy, too. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm really glad because
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, it just works out so much better this way.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, I think we're done unless you think of anything else. I look forward to seeing that Daniel in here too. He can't come to the same group, obviously, cuz he's going to have your an app to hold the baby. And so we'll have to figure
Dr Katrina Groves: That out
Dr Katrina Groves: Maybe baby will be fine.
Loraine Niemi: If he's sleeping.
Loraine Niemi: He goes from zero to 60 in like a matter of like a second I
Dr Katrina Groves: Was either asleep or why wait
Loraine Niemi: Yeah yeah yeah and then like whenever he cries. It's not like a little whimper any work themselves up. No, he just goes straight into screaming like he's like, I want to know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Who's been really good here. This whole hour I think I only heard him plus ones.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, nothing. I will put them back to sleep.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you go take a nap sleep on a baby sleeps.
Dr Katrina Groves: Mostly
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So anything else.
Loraine Niemi: I can think of. I'll have to write down everything. So we remember
Dr Katrina Groves: The groups will be just check ins. There's a really good counselor. Her name is Rebecca. Rebecca Evans. She's awesome.
Dr Katrina Groves: But everybody kind of has to give people turns and to top a little so you'll just do a check in, you know, nobody
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, that's cool, because the other groups at the clinic, there was usually like a few people that would dominate the whole time and not. Not that I would be mad about that, but it was totally defeating the whole purpose of me even being there.
Loraine Niemi: So I felt it was a waste of time. Yeah, well,
Dr Katrina Groves: You know sometimes people have issues like last I think there was a group recently where somebody had just relapsed and it was awful. And we had to kind of help that person through that. So I'm not going to tell you that that won't happen because
Loraine Niemi: Oh, no, no, no. That's okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, sometimes people do dominate depending on who it is, but mostly it's going really well. And people have to learn this new format, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, learn like okay there's eight people in group, we only have a few, you know, and
Dr Katrina Groves: We end up
Dr Katrina Groves: Like Rebecca will do like a worksheet like okay here's. I don't know if you'd like to worksheets or not. I know that Daniel didn't like him, somebody
Loraine Niemi: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So sometimes we'll do that. And I don't know I'm learning. I'm new to this too. I've only been doing this since what January.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and I still have my other jobs so that I'm trying to get out of that job and go into this one more. So I'll have more groups and people but
Dr Katrina Groves: The wave of the future.
Loraine Niemi: Yeah, it really is. Yeah. My kids already do zoom meetings with their teachers so
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Cool.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, barefoot really good to see you. You look awesome.
Dr Katrina Groves: Thank you. Congratulations, about the baby.
Thank you.
Loraine Niemi: So I'm going to flip it around so you can see what he's doing.
Dr Katrina Groves: For naptime
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, he's sleeping or GOODBYE BABY.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright.
Dr Katrina Groves: Have a wonderful day, I'll see you on Thursday at 1130
Loraine Niemi: Yep, I'll see you then. Thank you.
Welcome
Loraine Niemi: Oh, there we go.
Loraine Niemi: Back.
Loraine Niemi: Exit this thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh yeah, you're having issues. I'll see
Dr Katrina Groves: It says end or no.
Loraine Niemi: No, it won't stop. I can't get it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let me see. I'll put a stop on my side. See if that works.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, okay. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: There she goes. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm back.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow, that was a great, great.
Dr Katrina Groves: HMP. I love that she's just awesome. I mean, nine years clean. That's just great. So thank you for if you can just put all that detail in my in your note, I would be appreciative.
Dr Katrina Groves: The usual psychic impression except. Oh, and the usual exam, except add on the abdominal exam that she has a low
Dr Katrina Groves: Pelvic
Dr Katrina Groves: C section incision horizontal that looks well heeled
Dr Katrina Groves: And her assessment is going to be opioid dependence and remission long term remission. It was severe actually there. Yeah, there
Dr Katrina Groves: She also has nicotine dependence, which is moderate
Dr Katrina Groves: Poor cigarettes and I did spend over three minutes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Discussing
Dr Katrina Groves: The importance of quitting and
Dr Katrina Groves: Options. So please add that I think they're billing for that diagnosis, these days.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I did three to 10 minutes
Dr Katrina Groves: The pharmacy is Walmart, as you heard it sub solve that she takes 2.9 0.71 milligrams to twice daily number 120 per month. So please put that in him netlist
Dr Katrina Groves: She does not need a prescription until June 11 and you got those two dates, which will be back at 1130 on
Dr Katrina Groves: And also 611 at 10am
Dr Katrina Groves: Group.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Great, thanks for spending the time to talk to you next week. If I have any new people getting caught up.
Dr Katrina Groves: Have a good weekend. Jane, sorry.